# 1. What is `NPM`?
npm is a software package manager.
It is the world's largest Software registry. The registry contains over 800,000 code packages.

# 2. What is Parcel/Webpack? Why do we need it?
Parcel and webpack are the bundlers used mostly for JavaScript or TypeScript code that helps you to minify, clean and make your code compact so that it becomes easier to send a request or recieve the response from the server when it usually takes you to transfer multiple files without using any bundler for loading the page of your application. Parcel doesn't need any of the external configuration file to be specified after its installation to work.
Parcel is a bundler that can bundle JS files into one single js file which makes website load faster as compared to webpack. 
Parcel optimizes the whole app for production automatically. This includes tree-shaking and minifying your JavaScript, CSS and HTNL, resizing and optimizing images, content hashing, automatic code splitting, and many more.

# 3. What is .parcel-cache?
cache folder (.parcel-cache) stores information about your project when parcel builds it, so that when it rebuilds, it doesn't have to re-parse and re-analyze everything from scratch. It's a key reason why parcel can be so fast in development mode.

# 4. What is npx?
NPX stands for Node Package eXecute. It is simply an NPM package runner. It allows developers to execute any JavaScript Package available on the NPM registry without even installing it.

# 5. What is difference between dependencies vs devDependencies?
Dependencies are the packages that are required for your application to run properly, devDependencies are the packages that are required for development and testing purposes only.

# 6. What is Tree Shaking?
Tree Shaking is a term commonly used within a JavaScript context to describe the removal of dead code (unused code).

# 7. What is Hot Module Replacement?
Hot Module Replacement is a feature that enables you to see code changes in the browser without having to refresh it, allowing you to preserve the state of your front-end application.

# 8. What is difference between package.json and package-lock.json?
package.json is a metadata fike that describes the project's dependencies, scripts, configuration, and other details. It typically contains information about the project such as its name, version, author, and license. It also lists the project's dependencies on the Node.js packages, along with their version numbers, so that these dependencies can be automatically installed when the project is set up or updated.

There are two ways of generating a package.json file - using npm or by using yarn:
- For using npm, run npm init on your terminal
- For using yarn, run yarn init on your terminal.
- You can also run npm init -y or yarn init -y to generate the package.json file with default values.

Purpose of package.json
- Dependency management
- Metadata
- Scripts
- Configuration
- Publishing
- Compatibility


package-lock.json file is like a one-stop solution of your entire problem. package-lock.json is a file that is automatically generated by npm when a package is installed. It records the exact version of every installed dependency, including its sub-dependencies and their versions.

Purpose of package-lock.json
- Dependency version tracking
- Consistent builds
- Faster and more reliable installs
- Security
- Reproducible builds

# 9. Why should I not modify package-lock.json?
We should not modify package-lock.json directly because it is designed to maintain consistent, secure, and reproducible dependency versions automatically, ensuring project stability and security.

# 10. What is node_modules?
The node_modules folder contains every installed depenedency for the project. In most cases, you should not commit this folder into git. As one install more dependencies, the size of this folder will quicky grow.

# 11. What is dist folder?
The dist folder is the build folder which contains all the files and folders which can be hosted in server. The dist folder contains the transpiled code of the application in the format of JavaScript and also the required HTML and CSS files.

# 12. What is browserlists?
Browserlists is a tool that allows specifying which browsers should be supported in your frontend app by specifying "queries" in a config file.

# 13. What is difference between ^ - caret and ~ - tilde?
Caret(^) notation
- Used for compatible with version.
- It will update you to all future minor/patch versions, without incrementing the major version. ^2.3.4 will use releases from 2.3.4 to <3.0.0
- It gives you backwards-compatible new functionality as well.
- It will update to its latest version in numbers.
- Used by NPM as default notation.
- Example: ^1.0.2

Tilde(~) notation
- Used for Approximately equivalent to version.
- It will update you to all future patch versions, without incrementing the minor version. ~1.2.3 will use releases from 1.2.3 to <1.3.
- It gives you bug fix releases.
- It will update in decimals.
- Not a default notation used by NPM.
- Example: ~1.0.2